I'll come back if it as jaundice
watching the news at ten at broadcasting
live from Lagos how the stories making
headlines is Sarah a fight breaks out in
the House of Representatives over visits
of the chairman of the new PDP to the
lower chamber select president's backs
up call for the convocation of national
conference call declares to new Moya it
ineligible to contest the November 16
governorship election in anambra state
and brazilian presidents cause of state
visit to Washington over allegations of
espionage on her country
remember all our top stories and other
programs are on our website it's
channels TV com and on youtube.com
forward slash channels web if you're on
the go then visit MDOT channels tv.com
to viewers live on an ipad and iphone or
a blackberry you can also download the
channels TV app for android and nokia
920 from their respective stores a
federal high court sitting in Port
Harcourt is declared that mr. Tony where
is not eligible to participate as the
candidates of the peoples democratic
party in the November 16 and Umbra
governorship election delivering
judgments in the suit filed by mr.
Nicholas Okechukwu against mr. Tony
where people democratic party national
chairman of the party and I neck just as
silly man ally who gave an order
compelling the independent national
electoral commission to recognize mr.
nicholas rocketry cool as the authentic
candidate of the PDP for the anambra
state governorship election at the
resumed hearing of the suit filed by mr.
Moya against ionic and the PDP in abuja
today counsel to mr. Okechukwu waffle
rizu notify the Abuja court of the
judgments delivered early in the day by
the federal high court in Port Harcourt
the squall if I'm is annoying as the
candidates of the party hearing in the
suit brought by mr. Moya against I neck
and the PDP in there boo Jacko's was
therefore stalled as the presiding judge
justice Elias triple ordered for the
certified true copy of the judgments
against missin way saying he would not
go further on the case until he caught
the judgments of the sister court mr.
way ahead through his counsel used to
froley approached the court in abuja
seeking an order to compel ironik to
recognize him as the flag bearer of the
pvp in the forthcoming anambra
governorship election just a stripper
later adjourned further hearing of the
suit to September for 20th hour in spite
of measures aimed at tackling corruption
in nigeria the Menace appears to be
taking new dimension for President
Goodluck Jonathan however one measure
that may stand the tide is for Nigerians
to stop celebrating
rewarding corrupts individuals President
Jonathan was speaking at the 54th annual
conference of the Nigerian economic
society in Abuja where he urged
Nigerians to go beyond just blaming
government for the problem
this is Nigerian economic society
conference is unique in several ways
they chose to discuss institutional
reforms and economic development issues
the president says are timely he told
them what he has done so far using
institutions of government but it'll end
is my girls to also get involved in the
fight against corruption to be
corruption down in Nigeria it's not just
blaming government of lemon police but
all individuals must friend at people
who have words they are not supposed to
Howard who live in houses suppose not to
live in who drive cars they're not
supposed to drive OER suits more
expensive dance
I wanted the way as Nigerians able to do
this then verily we are all rewarding
corruption and until we stop that I
don't think we will get to where I want
to go the president was reacting to the
keynote address my professor of
economics from the Columbia University
he identifies what he calls perceived
corruption as a clogged the wheel of
progress of institutions in Nigeria
comparing different entities in the
country ninety-four percent of
respondents asleep on the Calcutta Jesus
corrupt ninety percent Pacific for
listen same night but most disturbing to
force of respondents melody to sherry
was corrupt or very corrupt ten years
ago a government study of governance and
corruption led by a bu and also
identified essentially the same for big
sector institutions and bone tools that
are most corrupting the country
highlight of the day was the word of
fellowship some to permanent Nigerians
the renowned economist dr. a utile
lumber and the Minister of Finance dr.
ngozi okonjo walla president of the
society is bordered that government
institutions in nigeria can be made to
work better for democracy to thrive
strong institutions will support
sustainable democratic federalism in
aegina the government says it looks
forward to getting greater ideas that
will emanate from the conference ideas
that will help in the effort to reform
the existing institutions in the country
coucou ma on my channels
television news the federal government
has again reaffirmed its commitment to
address issues relating to food and
water scarcity in the country the
minister was a resources mrs. Sarah
choker set this in Abuja at the
inauguration of the governing board of
UNESCO category 2 regional center for
integrated river basin management she
advised members of the board to ensure
the immediate implementation of the aims
of the center which is located in kaduna
northwest Nigeria
it is important to note that member
countries in the sub-region of several
decades of experience in river basin
management with mixed results they are
critical river basin management problems
in the sub-region which the regional
center on integrated river basin
management will address having been
established there is the need for
relevant organizations to come together
to address the issues relating to
climate extremes food security water
scarcity water quality environmental
degradation and civil unrest arising
from water conflicts which hinder
economic growth and sustainable
development in the West African
sub-region still ahead on the needs of
10 it's still a bearish atmosphere at
the Nigerian equities markets as the key
index dips marginally that's all
business news to join us again